I do not. I work at the school.
I work with my elementary school kids and years ago I used to teach.
So by then, now, I stayed at home for a while, and I went back to school.
And what I started doing was called instructional assistant.
So basically assist special ed students.
in the classroom and support them throughout the day. So that's what I do.
I have to say...My..The students I work with are all autistic.
And a lot of them are nonverbal, so they use a...
It's really interesting to have this iPad. It's called Proloquo Program.
And it's literally icons. And you press the icon.
And then it talks for you, so you press the look button.
And it actually tells back to you... look. So someone else can hear what you're trying to say.
So they use that as part of it. Except that some of them have a very
Like they have lots of icons. I gotta swipe that to see which one they're looking for.
But it's really interesting. They really get to know us. Some of the kids are really good at that.
and the others are just gonna just trying to learn.
So we try to adjust for them, like one couldn't do any I amm...
The iPad thing is kind of hard for them, so we just use Velcro.
and just kind of tear off the icon.
Here you go, just give it to me and yeah, so.
That's what I've been doing for a while. So it's been about my eighth year now.
Yeah!
hh..haaa...
Ahhh...So mine's, yeah, from kindergarten all the way through fifth grade.
So I work with all of them because I actually go and teach in the classrooms.
Hh hmm. Yeah.
They are, the way they do in our elementary school is two grades.
per year. So like what they do is kindergarten versus...
and then second and third in another classroom, then fourth and fifth in a different classroom.
Yeah, so it's been interesting. Hh..hhhh
Yeah.
Oh, did you?
Yes, okay.
Hm hmm
Yes, yes. Ah haan.
Interesting you said that, when I was in General Ed
I also had the gay kids in my classroom and we had an autistic child in there.
They were so protective of her, very protective.
You're right. There was another child who was more verbal.
but he also had elements of autistic spectrum and they're also very protected by him too.
They knew, so whenever he was able to be encouraged or just excited, he could write pretty well.
And one time he just wrote this beautiful essay. The teacher read it in class.
And we all clapped. All the kids clapped for him. Just spontaneously. It was the cutest thing.
Yeah...yeah, they're very supportive.
And they call it mainstreaming. Yeah.
So that if you're able to...ammm... have modified work.
In the regular classroom, are you able to....ahhh
go along with the program that they have, but it will be modified work.
Yes, they'll have it. So then when I first started, it was with one student in the mainstream classroom.
and so I just kind of supported him and adopted his work for him.
and then...so he's able to. But he
had a lot of issues with just not being able to meet people socially and also he did...ammm.
when his motions were kind of up and down he didn't know how to handle that so we had to kind of
So that's when he could be a little more aggressive. So we had to kind of find a way in.
look for triggers and then find ways to support them that way.
Yeah.
Yes, so each one does have their own. Hhhh
So you got to learn each one of those triggers and it helps to know the child.
Yeah!
So have different kinds of jobs. Hhhhh....
Yeah...., very supportive.
Did you feel like you were able to, is this what you were looking for?
Or did you happen to? I was'nt sure.
The job that she wanted to have.
Yes, what you... how did you end up here if you were teaching before?
mchhh...
Aahow...
Yes, middle school is hard.